README.md, before:

## Directories

### Used for paper

- `scripts/`: Contains various R scripts used for data processing, and analysis.
  - **Files:**
      - `data-breakdown.R`: Script for breaking down data into components (Last modified: 2024-09-17). ONLY FOR REFERENCE FROM HERE ON OUT/  

      - `summarize-databases-and-create-objects.R`: Script for summarizing databases and creating objects.




- `derived_data/`: Stores processed data objects (e.g., RDS files) generated from raw data. These are used in analyses to avoid reprocessing raw data each time.

- `manuscript-viz/`: Holds scripts and figures used in the manuscript preparation.

- `utils/`: Custom functions for computing cascades, counts by behavioral attributes, computing descriptives, etc. 

- `renv/`: Files for reproducibility, generated by `renv` package


### Background (no longer actively maintained)

idweek-viz/: Contains scripts and outputs related to visualizations prepared for the IDWeek conference presentation.

out/: Directory for storing old output files.

archive/: Contains archived scripts and data that are no longer actively used but kept for reference.

Commit message:

note that data-breakdown.R is write protected

README.md, after:

## Directories

### Used for paper

- `scripts/`: Contains various R scripts used for data processing, and analysis.

  - **Files:**
      - `data-breakdown.R`: Script for breaking down data into components (Last modified: 2024-09-17). ONLY FOR REFERENCE FROM HERE ON OUT/  
      **This file is now write-protected (permissions set to 644) and is only for reference. No further modifications should be made.**  

      - `summarize-databases-and-create-objects.R`: Script for summarizing databases and creating objects.




- `derived_data/`: Stores processed data objects (e.g., RDS files) generated from raw data. These are used in analyses to avoid reprocessing raw data each time.

- `manuscript-viz/`: Holds scripts and figures used in the manuscript preparation.

- `utils/`: Custom functions for computing cascades, counts by behavioral attributes, computing descriptives, etc. 

- `renv/`: Files for reproducibility, generated by `renv` package


### Background (no longer actively maintained)

idweek-viz/: Contains scripts and outputs related to visualizations prepared for the IDWeek conference presentation.

out/: Directory for storing old output files.

archive/: Contains archived scripts and data that are no longer actively used but kept for reference.
